Clarify requirement for Enterprise plan tier (#2979)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/get-started/privatelink/about-privatelink.md

sidebar_label: "About PrivateLink"
---
:::info 

> This feature is currently in Private Preview, and these instructions are specific to dbt Cloud multi-tenant environments on AWS on the Enterprise pricing tier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is currently in Private Preview, and these instructions are specific to dbt Cloud multi-tenant Enterprise tier environments hosted on AWS. 
```
